43 - Added warning about Package Hub (#3210)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

====

[WARNING]
====

> Speech recognition ``mycroft-core`` and ``sphinx`` are available in PackageHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speech recognition ``mycroft-core`` and ``sphinx`` are available in Package Hub.
```
Not sure what's the right way to spell this but it would be good to use it consistently.

General updates and fixes to the packages in SUSE Package Hub are provided by the openSUSE community based on their discretion.

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]
Packages from the Package Hub are delivered without L3 support from SUSE, though SUSE will monitor and ensure that any known critical security issues will be addressed. 
Packages in the Package Hub are approved by SUSE for use with SUSE Linux Enterprise Server and to not interfere with the supportability of SUSE Linux Enterprise Server, its modules and extensions.
endif::[]

> * For more information abour PackageHub, see https://packagehub.suse.com/support/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about Package Hub, see https://packagehub.suse.com/support/.
```
